Document elastic indexed Jobs (#39999)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/job.md

this annotation from Jobs. Instead, you can recreate the Jobs to ensure they
are tracked using Pod finalizers.

### Elastic Indexed Jobs

{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.27" state="beta" >}}

> Indexed Jobs can be scaled up/down up/down by mutating both `.spec.parallelism` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Indexed Jobs can be scaled up/down by mutating both `.spec.parallelism` 
```

this annotation from Jobs. Instead, you can recreate the Jobs to ensure they
are tracked using Pod finalizers.

### Elastic Indexed Jobs

{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.27" state="beta" >}}

> From Kubernetes v1.27, Indexed Jobs can be scaled up/down up/down

Reviewer 2: Is the repetition intended?
```suggestion
From Kubernetes v1.27, Indexed Jobs can be scaled up/down up/down
```

Author: Removed repetition

> by mutating both `.spec.pompletions` and `.spec.completions` together such that 

Reviewer 2: I'm assuming the first is spec.parallelism and we haven't introduced a new spec?

```suggestion
by mutating both `.spec.parallelism` and `.spec.completions` together such that 
```

`.spec.parallelism == .spec.completions`. When the `ElasticIndexedJob`

> [feature gate](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/)

Reviewer: The gate has been documented already?

Author: Documented the `ElasticIndexedJob` feature gate and included it in this PR.

this annotation from Jobs. Instead, you can recreate the Jobs to ensure they
are tracked using Pod finalizers.

### Elastic Indexed Jobs

{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.27" state="beta" >}}

{{< note >}}

> In order to use this behavior, you must enable the `ElasticIndexedJob`

Reviewer 3: If the feature is on by default, then stating that you need to enable it is redundant, imo.

[feature gate](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/)
on the [API server](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/kube-apiserver/).
It is enabled by default.
{{< /note >}}

> In v1.27 Elastic Indexed Jobs were introduced which allow scaling Indexed Jobs up/down

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
From Kubernetes v1.27, Indexed Jobs can be scaled up/down
```

by mutating both `.spec.Parallelism` and `.spec.Completions` together such that 

> `.spec.Paralellism` == `.spec.Completions`. Previously, the Batch API validation

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
`.spec.paralellism == .spec.completions`.```

enforced the immutability of `.spec.Completions`, however, this validation was relaxed in

> 1.27 to allow scaling Indexed Jobs up/down, subject to the constraints above.

Reviewer 4: We don't document past behavior, as users can see the documentation for older versions.

But maybe you can say that when `ElasticIndexedJob` feature is disabled, completions is immutable.

> There are use cases where a batch workload requires an autoscaled indexed job with stable

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
There are use cases where a batch workload requires scaling an indexed Job
```

The static DNS names are a tangential feature. I wouldn't mention it here.

> DNS pod names, for example MPI, Horovord, Ray, PyTorch etc. Prior to 1.27 this was not

Reviewer 4: Remove everything starting "Prior to 1.27".

It's not explaining anything that wasn't mentioned already in the first paragraph.

Reviewer 3: Docs are always explaining the current state. If you want to describe alternative approach I'd suggest creating a new section describing the behavior when you disable `ElasticIndexedJob`, although I doubt that's super useful. A short info about how this works is sufficient, like Aldo mentioned earlier.

this annotation from Jobs. Instead, you can recreate the Jobs to ensure they
are tracked using Pod finalizers.

### Elastic Indexed Jobs

{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.27" state="beta" >}}

You can scale Indexed Jobs up or down by mutating both `.spec.parallelism` 
and `.spec.completions` together such that `.spec.parallelism == .spec.completions`. 

> When the `ElasticIndexedJob`[feature gate](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/) on the [API server](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/kube-apiserver/)`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the `ElasticIndexedJob`[feature gate](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/)
on the [API server](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/kube-apiserver/)`
```

Author: Fixed

this annotation from Jobs. Instead, you can recreate the Jobs to ensure they
are tracked using Pod finalizers.

> ### Elastic Indexed Jobs

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
### Elastic indexed Jobs
```
Sentence case for headings, Jobs is capitalized because it's an API object
